I sometimes feel as if I'm invisible as
if no one can see me at all I never felt
that way when I lived at the lake house
it's the one place I felt most like my
true self I bought a house on the lake
it's beautiful seductive II
dear lieutenant welcome to your new home
I'm sure you'll love living here as much
as I did what do you mean lived here
since no one has lived in this house for
years
ridiculous for arguments it what day is
it there
April 14th 2004 ha ha no it's April 14th
2006 it's the same day two years apart
this say can this be happening from
Warner Brothers pictures this house is
about connection comes a love even
though this is clearly impossible it's
amazing
without limits how's your sunset it's
perfect I wish you weren't here to share
it with me and the place that reaches
across time here's a little something
for you there was a freak blizzard in
the spring of 2004 so watch out for that
April snow
I miss the lake house and its trees
thank you Alex Sandra Bullock it's kind
of a long-distance relationship
Keanu Reeves you have a girlfriend oh
you're gonna think I'm crazy
she was more real to me than anything
I've ever known
pick a place I'll be there at promise
it's not meant to be no don't say that
something must have happened
one man I can never meet
I would like to give my heart is Oh
the lake house
you